Hi! I'm Abhinav, I go by August, but either names are fine. I graduated with an MS CompSci from Boston University last month. I was an intern at [multiparty.org](https://multiparty.org), where I was developing a lighter, modern version of [JIFF](https://github.com/multiparty/jiff), a secure multiparty-computing framework to help the state of Massachussetts work with private information from organisations. 

Before this, I was @ Ignite Tournaments, working on the backend and blockchain architecture. I wrote a lot of code, tests, did a bunch of reviews, security audits, and gained a bunch of experience in going from 0 to 1 in early startup stages. While studying CS552 with Professor West, I really got into Operating Systems, and developed my own little OS with I/O, files, networks etc. Following that, I did a few open source PRs to Zephyr RTOS and CoreUtils. 

I also launched [ThoughtForest](https://thoughtforest.xyz/), a note-taking app with AI insights, and did a bunch of A/B testing and other things I didn't previously see myself doing. I built this in Django, ReactJS, and will be launching the phone application I'm building in Flutter.

Before I started at BU, I did some independent security audits as well, I uncovered security risks in Phuture Finance's code, and got some cool change from it. For my CyberSec class, I developed '[Spock](https://github.com/SpockExtension/Spock),' a browser extension for safer, passwordless logins using signatures and trustless oracles. Think I got full points on this one! I did my cert on CyberSec from Google to cover bases on the less technical side of things, I'll also shortly be doing my CCNA, Linux+, Hashicorp and a few other certs.